Updating Lab1 for SC22. (#286)
aws-samples/aws-hpc-tutorials: content/03-hpc-aws-parallelcluster-workshop/11-conus-12km.md

The model domain includes the entire Continental United States (CONUS), using 12-km grid spacing, which means that each grid point is 12x12 km.
The full domain contains 425 x 300 grid points. After running the WRF model, post-processing will allow visualization of atmospheric variables available in the output (e.g., temperature, wind speed, pressure). 

> On the HPC Cluster, download the CONUS 12km test case from the [tutorial bucket](https://sc22-hpc-labs.s3.amazonaws.com/wrf_simulation_CONUS12km.tar.gz) into the **/shared** directory.

Reviewer: The intent of the sentence was to say the origin of the test case, not from where it is downloaded from.

```suggestion
The CONUS 12km is a test case provided by NCAR and can be retrieve from the [NCAR/MMM website](https://www2.mmm.ucar.edu/wrf/users/). For this tutorial and convenience, you will download the CONUS 12km test from [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) bucket into the **/shared** directory of the HPC Cluster
```

> The CONUS 12km is a test case provided by NCAR and can be retrieve from the [NCAR/MMM website](https://www2.mmm.ucar.edu/wrf/users/). For this tutorial and convenience, you will download the CONUS 12km test from [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) bucket into the **/shared** directory of the HPC Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CONUS 12km is a test case provided by NCAR and can be retrieved from the [NCAR/MMM website](https://www2.mmm.ucar.edu/wrf/users/). For this tutorial and convenience, you will download the CONUS 12km test from [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) bucket into the **/shared** directory of the HPC Cluster
```

cd /shared/conus_12km

cp /opt/wrf-omp/src/run/{\

> CAMtr_volume_mixing_ratio,\

Reviewer: The test case was running without that file. What change ?

Author: Version of WRF, `>= v4.4` needs this static file.
